feat: Initial policy implementation (#1)
kubewarden/annotations-policy: README.md

[![Kubewarden Policy Repository](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/badges/kubewarden-policies.svg)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#policy-scope)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)

# workload-annotations-policy

## Settings

The policy settings has the `criteria` field which define the logic operatation
performed with the `values` defined in the settings and the environment variables
defined in the resource:

```yaml
settings:
  criteria: "containsAnyOf"
  values:
    - example.com/application
    - cost-center
```

The `criteria` configuration can have the following values:

- `containsAnyOf`: enforces that the resource has at least one of the
  annotations in `values`.
- `doesNotContainAnyOf`: enforces that the resource does not have any annotation
  defined in `values`. It's the opposite of `containsAnyOf`.
- `containsAllOf`: enforces that all of the annotations in `values` are defined in
  the resource.
- `doesNotContainAllOf`: enforces that the annotations defined in `values` are

>   not all set together in the resource. It's the opposite of `containsAllOf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  not all set together in the resource. It's the opposite of `containsAllOf`.
  - `ContainsOtherThan`
  - `DoesNotContainOtherThan`
```

[![Kubewarden Policy Repository](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/badges/kubewarden-policies.svg)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#policy-scope)
[![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)

# annotations-policy

This policy validates the annotations of generic Kubernetes objects.

## Settings

> The policy settings has the `criteria` field which define the logic operatation
> performed with the `values` defined in the settings and the environment variables
> defined in the resource:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The policy settings has the `criteria` field which define the logic operation
performed with the `values` defined in the settings and the annotations
defined in the resource:
```
